---
layout: post
title:  "My 2019 Climate Change Book Recommendations"
date:   2020-01-05 10:18:00
categories:
---

In 2019 I decided to focus my reading on climate change and the environment more broadly. I started the year off with a broad book that discussed climate change and its impacts. From there, I began going deeper on specific areas such as climate change's impact on food and sea level rise as well as the impact plastic is having on our environment.

### The Uninhabitable Earth - Life After Warming
In The Uninhabitable Earth, Dave Wallace-Wells outlines the challenging realities for almost every aspect of our lives. This book was fact-filled and did a good job of articulating what scientists have been struggling to communicate to the general public for decades. This is the book the kicked off my year and inspired me to learn more about climate change and our environment for the rest of 2019.

### Climate: A New Story
Climate - A New Story focuses on how to address the challenges of climate change from a ecology perspective. Charles Eisenstein drives home belief that we need to restore natural ecosystems and appreciate them for what they are to gain enough political support to effect meaningful change.

### Drawdown: The Most Comprehensive Plan Ever Proposed to Reverse Global Warming


### The Water Will Come
The Water Will Come is a book that focuses specifically on the impacts of sea-level rise around the world. The book starts off with a science-based explanation of why sea levels will rise and by how much. Jeff Goodell then reviews several cities around the world, with a focus on Miami and how they are addressing cliamate change (hint: they're not doing enough). 


### The Fate of Food



### IPCC Reports & Others
Climate Change is happening in real-time and the science is constantly evolving. Reading reports from the IPCC and other organizations is becoming the fastest and most efficient way to learn about the current impact we're having on our environment. In 2019, several reports were released that are worth reading:

- [IPCC Special Report: The Ocean and Cryosphere in a Changing Climate](https://www.ipcc.ch/srocc/)
- [IPCC Special Report: IPCC Special Report: Climate Change and Land](https://www.ipcc.ch/srccl/)

In 2020 I will continue to read more about climate change with a focus on geo-engineering and climate diplomacy. I'll follow up next year with a highlight reel of 2020's books!
